README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# 🚨 RustPlus Raid Alarms

**Never miss a raid again!** Get instant notifications on your phone, auto-launch Rust, flash your lights, and more when your base is under attack.

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.8%2B-blue?logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://www.python.org/)
[![PySide6](https://img.shields.io/badge/PySide6-Qt%20for%20Python-green?logo=qt&logoColor=white)](https://pypi.org/project/PySide6/)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-Bot%20API-blue?logo=telegram&logoColor=white)](https://core.telegram.org/bots/api)

*Sleek desktop app that monitors Telegram for raid alerts from Rust+ (via IFTTT) and triggers customizable plugins—no coding required!*

[🚀 Quick Start](#quick-start) • [📚 Documentation](#-documentation) • [🔌 Plugins](#plugins) • [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)

</div>

---

## ✨ Features

<details open>
<summary><b>📱 Telegram Integration</b></summary>

- ⚡ Real-time message polling with configurable rate (default: 2 seconds)
- 🔍 Optional keyword filtering for selective alerts
- 👥 Support for channels and group chats
- ⚙️ Easy configuration via in-app Settings dialog
- 🔄 Auto-retry on connection failures

</details>

<details open>
<summary><b>🎮 IFTTT + Rust+ Integration</b></summary>

- 🔗 Connect your Rust server to automatically send raid alarms
- 🎯 Trigger on events: raids, cargo ship, helicopter, player activity
- 📝 Customize alert messages with smart-alarm data
- 📺 **Video tutorials included!** See [IFTTT Setup Guide](docs/IFTTT_RUST_SETUP.md)

</details>

<details open>
<summary><b>🔌 Plugin Architecture</b></summary>

- 🛒 Built-in Plugin Store with search + one-click install/update/uninstall
- 🔍 Auto-discovered from `plugins/` folder every 5 seconds
- 🔥 Hot-reload: add/remove plugins without restarting
- 📄 Supports both single-file (`plugin.py`) and package (`plugin/__init__.py`) formats
- 🛠️ Plugin base API for UI widgets, config persistence, Telegram hooks
- 📖 Example plugins included as development templates

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>🎨 Modern Dark UI</b></summary>

- 🃏 Card-based layout with hero sections
- 📑 Left-side navigation with plugin tabs
- 🌑 Unified dark theme (#1e1e1e background, #131418 cards, #0e639c accents)
- 🖱️ Drag-and-drop plugin tab reordering
- ✅ Per-plugin enable/disable toggles
- 🧹 Clear log button in Activity Log
- 📐 Responsive design with proper spacing and padding

</details>

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

<details open>
<summary><b>Click to expand setup instructions</b></summary>

### 🪟 Windows Users (Easiest Method)

**Just double-click `run.bat`!**

The script will automatically:
- ✅ Check for Python (downloads portable version if needed)
- ✅ Create virtual environment
- ✅ Install all dependencies
- ✅ Launch the application

No manual setup required! 🎉

---

### 🐧 Manual Setup (All Platforms)

### 1️⃣ Clone the Repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/eman225511/RustPlusRaidAlarms.git
cd RustPlusRaidAlarms
```

### 2️⃣ Install Dependencies
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 3️⃣ Set Up Telegram
- Create a bot with [@BotFather](https://t.me/BotFather) → get your token
- Get your chat ID → see **[📺 Telegram Setup Guide](docs/TELEGRAM_SETUP.md)** (with video tutorials!)
- Enter credentials via the in-app **Settings** dialog

### 4️⃣ Connect IFTTT + Rust+ *(optional)*
- Enables automatic raid alarms from your Rust server
- See **[📺 IFTTT + Rust+ Setup Guide](docs/IFTTT_RUST_SETUP.md)** for step-by-step instructions

### 5️⃣ Run the App

**Windows:**
```bash
run.bat
```

**macOS/Linux:**
```bash
python main.py
```

### 6️⃣ Customize Plugins *(optional)*
- Navigate to plugin tabs in the left sidebar
- Configure LED devices, phone numbers, audio files, Discord webhooks, etc.
- Use the **❓ help buttons** for setup guides
- Click **test buttons** to verify everything works
- Enable the plugins you want with the checkboxes!

</details>

---

## 🔌 Plugins

> **Plugins are automatically loaded** from the `plugins/` directory and appear in the left sidebar. No core code changes needed—just drop in your plugin and it's ready!

### 🛒 Plugin Store (recommended)
- Open **Plugins → Store** in the app
- Use the search bar to filter by name/author/tag
- Click **Install** or **Update**; uninstall from the **Installed** tab
- Plugins live in your local `plugins/` folder (not committed to git)

### 💡 Built-in Plugins

| Plugin | Description | Guide |
|--------|-------------|-------|
| 💡 **LED Controller** | Flash WLED, Govee, or Philips Hue lights when raided | [📖 Guide](docs/plugins/LED_CONTROLLER.md) |
| 🎮 **Rust Auto-Connect** | Automatically launch Rust and join your server | [📖 Guide](docs/plugins/RUST_CONNECT.md) |
| 📞 **Twilio Caller** | Call multiple phone numbers to wake you up | [📖 Guide](docs/plugins/TWILIO_CALLER.md) |
| 🔊 **Audio Alert** | Play custom sounds on multiple audio devices | [📖 Guide](docs/plugins/AUDIO_ALERT.md) |
| 💬 **Discord Webhook** | Post raid alerts to Discord with @mentions | [📖 Guide](docs/plugins/DISCORD_WEBHOOK.md) |

<details>
<summary><b>🛠️ Creating Your Own Plugins</b></summary>

### Plugin Types
- **📄 Single-file**: `plugins/my_plugin.py` (simple plugins)
- **📦 Package**: `plugins/my_plugin/__init__.py` (complex plugins with multiple files)

### Learn More
See the **[Plugin Development Guide](docs/PLUGIN_DEVELOPMENT.md)** for:
- ✅ Plugin base class and required methods
- 🎨 UI creation with PySide6/Qt
- 💾 Config persistence patterns
- 📨 Telegram message hooks
- 🎨 Styling guidelines
- 💻 Complete skeleton code

### Submit your plugin to the store
1) Build your plugin (single-file or package) and include metadata methods (`get_version`, `get_author`, `get_homepage`).
2) Zip the plugin folder/file and host it (GitHub release or raw link).
3) Add an entry to `plugins/index.json` with your metadata and download URL, then open a PR.
4) Keep version numbers updated for smooth **Update** prompts.

### Example Plugins
- `plugins/example_plugin/` — Package-based plugin with advanced features
- `plugins/simple_example.py` — Minimal single-file implementation

</details>

---

## 📚 Documentation

<table>
<tr>
<td width="33%" valign="top">

### 🚀 Getting Started
- 📺 [**Telegram Setup**](docs/TELEGRAM_SETUP.md)
  - Create bot with video guides
  - Get chat IDs
  - Add IFTTT bot
- 🔗 [**IFTTT + Rust+ Setup**](docs/IFTTT_RUST_SETUP.md)
  - Connect Rust server
  - Auto raid alerts

</td>
<td width="33%" valign="top">

### 🔌 Plugin Guides
- 💡 [**LED Controller**](docs/plugins/LED_CONTROLLER.md)
- 🎮 [**Rust Auto-Connect**](docs/plugins/RUST_CONNECT.md)
- 📞 [**Twilio Caller**](docs/plugins/TWILIO_CALLER.md)
- 🔊 [**Audio Alert**](docs/plugins/AUDIO_ALERT.md)
- 💬 [**Discord Webhook**](docs/plugins/DISCORD_WEBHOOK.md)

</td>
<td width="33%" valign="top">

### 🛠️ Advanced
- 🧩 [**Plugin Development**](docs/PLUGIN_DEVELOPMENT.md)
- ⚙️ [**Configuration**](docs/CONFIGURATION.md)
- 🔧 [**Troubleshooting**](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md)

</td>
</tr>
</table>

---

## 💡 LED Controller Plugin

<details>
<summary><b>Control smart LED devices with trigger-on-message support</b> → <a href="docs/plugins/LED_CONTROLLER.md">Full Guide</a></summary>

### Supported Devices
- **WLED** — WiFi-enabled LED controllers
- **Govee** — Cloud-based smart lighting (requires API key)
- **Philips Hue** — Zigbee bridge-based smart bulbs

### Actions
- **On/Off** — Simple power control
- **Color** — RGB color picker with hex preview
- **Effect** — WLED animated effects (0–255)
- **Preset** — WLED saved presets (0–255)
- **Scene** — Govee predefined scenes (0–50)
- **Brightness** — Intensity control (WLED: 0–255, Govee: 0–100%)

### Configuration
Each device type requires specific credentials:
- **WLED**: Device IP address
- **Govee**: API key, device ID, device model
- **Philips Hue**: Bridge IP, bridge username

See the [LED Plugin Guide](docs/plugins/LED_CONTROLLER.md) for detailed setup instructions and troubleshooting.

</details>

---

## ⚙️ Configuration

<details>
<summary><b>All settings are stored in <code>config.json</code> (auto-created on first launch)</b></summary>

### 📱 Telegram Settings
- Bot token and chat ID (configured via Settings dialog)
- Polling rate (seconds between checks)
- Keyword filter toggle and keyword

### 💡 LED Settings
- Device type (WLED/Govee/Hue)
- Device credentials (IP/API keys/bridge info)
- Default action and parameters (color, effect, preset, scene, brightness)

### ✏️ Editing Config
| Method | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| **✅ Recommended** | Use the in-app Settings dialog and plugin UIs |
| **📝 Manual** | Edit `config.json` directly (close app first to avoid overwrites) |
| **🔄 Reset** | Delete `config.json` to restore defaults |
| **📄 Template** | `config.example.json` is provided; copy to `config.json` if needed |

### 🔧 Feature Toggles
- `show_example_plugins` — show/hide example plugins in sidebar
- `plugin_enabled_<PluginName>` — per-plugin enable/disable state

> 💡 **See the [Configuration Guide](docs/CONFIGURATION.md)** for the complete `config.json` schema and field descriptions.

</details>

---

## 📁 Project Structure

<details>
<summary><b>Click to view folder layout</b></summary>

```
RustPlusRaidAlarms/
├── main.py                    # App shell, plugin loader, dark theme
├── telegram_service.py        # Telegram polling with auto-retry
├── plugin_base.py             # Abstract plugin base class
├── config.json                # Auto-generated config [gitignored]
├── config.example.json        # Template config file
├── requirements.txt           # Python dependencies
│
├── plugins/
│   ├── led_plugin/            # 💡 LED controller (WLED/Govee/Hue)
│   ├── rust_connect.py        # 🎮 Rust auto-connect
│   ├── twilio_plugin/         # 📞 Twilio phone calls
│   ├── audio_alert.py         # 🔊 Custom sound alerts
│   ├── discord_webhook.py     # 💬 Discord notifications
│   ├── example_plugin/        # Development template (package)
│   └── simple_example.py      # Development template (single-file)
│
└── docs/
    ├── TELEGRAM_SETUP.md      # Bot creation with video guides
    ├── IFTTT_RUST_SETUP.md    # IFTTT + Rust+ integration
    ├── PLUGIN_DEVELOPMENT.md  # Plugin API and creation guide
    ├── CONFIGURATION.md       # config.json schema
    ├── TROUBLESHOOTING.md     # Common issues
    └── plugins/               # Individual plugin guides
        ├── LED_CONTROLLER.md
        ├── RUST_CONNECT.md
        ├── TWILIO_CALLER.md
        ├── AUDIO_ALERT.md
        └── DISCORD_WEBHOOK.md
```

</details>

---

## 🤝 Contributing

<details>
<summary><b>Contributions are welcome! Here's how you can help</b></summary>

### 🔌 Adding Plugins
1. Create your plugin in `plugins/your_plugin/` or `plugins/your_plugin.py`
2. Inherit from `PluginBase` and implement required methods
3. Test using the app's plugin auto-reload (no restart needed)
4. See **[Plugin Development Guide](docs/PLUGIN_DEVELOPMENT.md)** for API details

### 📝 Code Guidelines
- ✅ Keep plugin code within plugin widgets—avoid modifying core files
- 🎨 Follow the existing dark theme styling patterns (see `main.py` CSS)
- 💾 Use `config` dict for persistence (auto-saved/merged)
- 📦 Add dependencies to `requirements.txt` if needed

### 🚀 Submitting Changes
- ✔️ Test your changes thoroughly (LED devices, Telegram, plugin loading)
- 📖 Include documentation updates if adding features
- 💬 Create descriptive commit messages
- 🔀 Open a pull request with a clear description
- 🐛 Use the GitHub issue templates for bugs/feature requests

</details>

---

## 🐛 Bug Reports & Support

<details>
<summary><b>Need help? Here's how to get support</b></summary>

### Before Reporting
1. ✅ Check the **[Troubleshooting Guide](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md)** first
2. ✅ Search existing GitHub issues

### Bug Report Checklist
- 🖥️ OS and Python version
- ❌ Error messages (full traceback)
- 🔄 Steps to reproduce
- ⚙️ Relevant `config.json` snippets (redact tokens/IDs!)

### Feature Requests
Use the GitHub issue templates to ensure all required details are included!

</details>

---

<div align="center">

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License** - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

Built with ❤️ using:
- [**PySide6**](https://pypi.org/project/PySide6/) (Qt for Python)
- [**python-telegram-bot**](https://python-telegram-bot.org/) (Telegram Bot API)
- Designed for [**Rust**](https://rust.facepunch.com/) server monitoring via [**Rust+**](https://rust.facepunch.com/companion) and [**IFTTT**](https://ifttt.com)

---

**⭐ If this project helped you defend your base, give it a star!**

[Report Bug](https://github.com/eman225511/RustPlusRaidAlarms/issues) • [Request Feature](https://github.com/eman225511/RustPlusRaidAlarms/issues) • [Documentation](docs/)

</div>

### Bug Reports
- Check [Troubleshooting Guide](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md) first
- Include: OS, Python version, error messages, steps to reproduce
- Share relevant `config.json` snippets (redact tokens/IDs)
- File issues via the GitHub bug/feature templates to ensure required details are included

Commit message:

Remove bundled official plugins and update plugin repo references
Deleted all source and zip files for official plugins from the plugins/Official-Plugins-SRC and plugins/Official-Plugins directories, as well as plugins/README.md and plugins/index.json. Updated documentation and main.py to reference the new RustPlusRaidAlarmPlugins repository for plugin index management and downloads.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# 🚨 RustPlus Raid Alarms

**Never miss a raid again!** Get instant notifications on your phone, auto-launch Rust, flash your lights, and more when your base is under attack.

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.8%2B-blue?logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://www.python.org/)
[![PySide6](https://img.shields.io/badge/PySide6-Qt%20for%20Python-green?logo=qt&logoColor=white)](https://pypi.org/project/PySide6/)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-Bot%20API-blue?logo=telegram&logoColor=white)](https://core.telegram.org/bots/api)

*Sleek desktop app that monitors Telegram for raid alerts from Rust+ (via IFTTT) and triggers customizable plugins—no coding required!*

[🚀 Quick Start](#quick-start) • [📚 Documentation](#-documentation) • [🔌 Plugins](#plugins) • [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)

</div>

---

## ✨ Features

<details open>
<summary><b>📱 Telegram Integration</b></summary>

- ⚡ Real-time message polling with configurable rate (default: 2 seconds)
- 🔍 Optional keyword filtering for selective alerts
- 👥 Support for channels and group chats
- ⚙️ Easy configuration via in-app Settings dialog
- 🔄 Auto-retry on connection failures

</details>

<details open>
<summary><b>🎮 IFTTT + Rust+ Integration</b></summary>

- 🔗 Connect your Rust server to automatically send raid alarms
- 🎯 Trigger on events: raids, cargo ship, helicopter, player activity
- 📝 Customize alert messages with smart-alarm data
- 📺 **Video tutorials included!** See [IFTTT Setup Guide](docs/IFTTT_RUST_SETUP.md)

</details>

<details open>
<summary><b>🔌 Plugin Architecture</b></summary>

- 🛒 Built-in Plugin Store with search + one-click install/update/uninstall
- 🔍 Auto-discovered from `plugins/` folder every 5 seconds
- 🔥 Hot-reload: add/remove plugins without restarting
- 📄 Supports both single-file (`plugin.py`) and package (`plugin/__init__.py`) formats
- 🛠️ Plugin base API for UI widgets, config persistence, Telegram hooks
- 📖 Example plugins included as development templates

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>🎨 Modern Dark UI</b></summary>

- 🃏 Card-based layout with hero sections
- 📑 Left-side navigation with plugin tabs
- 🌑 Unified dark theme (#1e1e1e background, #131418 cards, #0e639c accents)
- 🖱️ Drag-and-drop plugin tab reordering
- ✅ Per-plugin enable/disable toggles
- 🧹 Clear log button in Activity Log
- 📐 Responsive design with proper spacing and padding

</details>

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

<details open>
<summary><b>Click to expand setup instructions</b></summary>

### 🪟 Windows Users (Easiest Method)

**Just double-click `run.bat`!**

The script will automatically:
- ✅ Check for Python (downloads portable version if needed)
- ✅ Create virtual environment
- ✅ Install all dependencies
- ✅ Launch the application

No manual setup required! 🎉

---

### 🐧 Manual Setup (All Platforms)

### 1️⃣ Clone the Repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/eman225511/RustPlusRaidAlarms.git
cd RustPlusRaidAlarms
```

### 2️⃣ Install Dependencies
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 3️⃣ Set Up Telegram
- Create a bot with [@BotFather](https://t.me/BotFather) → get your token
- Get your chat ID → see **[📺 Telegram Setup Guide](docs/TELEGRAM_SETUP.md)** (with video tutorials!)
- Enter credentials via the in-app **Settings** dialog

### 4️⃣ Connect IFTTT + Rust+ *(optional)*
- Enables automatic raid alarms from your Rust server
- See **[📺 IFTTT + Rust+ Setup Guide](docs/IFTTT_RUST_SETUP.md)** for step-by-step instructions

### 5️⃣ Run the App

**Windows:**
```bash
run.bat
```

**macOS/Linux:**
```bash
python main.py
```

### 6️⃣ Customize Plugins *(optional)*
- Navigate to plugin tabs in the left sidebar
- Configure LED devices, phone numbers, audio files, Discord webhooks, etc.
- Use the **❓ help buttons** for setup guides
- Click **test buttons** to verify everything works
- Enable the plugins you want with the checkboxes!

</details>

---

## 🔌 Plugins

> **Plugins are automatically loaded** from the `plugins/` directory and appear in the left sidebar. No core code changes needed—just drop in your plugin and it's ready!

### 🛒 Plugin Store (recommended)
- Open **Plugins → Store** in the app
- Use the search bar to filter by name/author/tag
- Click **Install** or **Update**; uninstall from the **Installed** tab
- Plugins live in your local `plugins/` folder (not committed to git)

### 💡 Built-in Plugins

| Plugin | Description | Guide |
|--------|-------------|-------|
| 💡 **LED Controller** | Flash WLED, Govee, or Philips Hue lights when raided | [📖 Guide](docs/plugins/LED_CONTROLLER.md) |
| 🎮 **Rust Auto-Connect** | Automatically launch Rust and join your server | [📖 Guide](docs/plugins/RUST_CONNECT.md) |
| 📞 **Twilio Caller** | Call multiple phone numbers to wake you up | [📖 Guide](docs/plugins/TWILIO_CALLER.md) |
| 🔊 **Audio Alert** | Play custom sounds on multiple audio devices | [📖 Guide](docs/plugins/AUDIO_ALERT.md) |
| 💬 **Discord Webhook** | Post raid alerts to Discord with @mentions | [📖 Guide](docs/plugins/DISCORD_WEBHOOK.md) |

<details>
<summary><b>🛠️ Creating Your Own Plugins</b></summary>

### Plugin Types
- **📄 Single-file**: `plugins/my_plugin.py` (simple plugins)
- **📦 Package**: `plugins/my_plugin/__init__.py` (complex plugins with multiple files)

### Learn More
See the **[Plugin Development Guide](docs/PLUGIN_DEVELOPMENT.md)** for:
- ✅ Plugin base class and required methods
- 🎨 UI creation with PySide6/Qt
- 💾 Config persistence patterns
- 📨 Telegram message hooks
- 🎨 Styling guidelines
- 💻 Complete skeleton code

### Submit your plugin to the store
1) Build your plugin (single-file or package) and include metadata methods (`get_version`, `get_author`, `get_homepage`).
2) Zip the plugin folder/file and host it (GitHub release or raw link).
3) Add an entry to `index.json` in the [RustPlusRaidAlarmPlugins](https://github.com/eman225511/RustPlusRaidAlarmPlugins) repo with your metadata and download URL, then open a PR.
4) Keep version numbers updated for smooth **Update** prompts.

### Example Plugins
- `plugins/example_plugin/` — Package-based plugin with advanced features
- `plugins/simple_example.py` — Minimal single-file implementation

</details>

---

## 📚 Documentation

<table>
<tr>
<td width="33%" valign="top">

### 🚀 Getting Started
- 📺 [**Telegram Setup**](docs/TELEGRAM_SETUP.md)
  - Create bot with video guides
  - Get chat IDs
  - Add IFTTT bot
- 🔗 [**IFTTT + Rust+ Setup**](docs/IFTTT_RUST_SETUP.md)
  - Connect Rust server
  - Auto raid alerts

</td>
<td width="33%" valign="top">

### 🔌 Plugin Guides
- 💡 [**LED Controller**](docs/plugins/LED_CONTROLLER.md)
- 🎮 [**Rust Auto-Connect**](docs/plugins/RUST_CONNECT.md)
- 📞 [**Twilio Caller**](docs/plugins/TWILIO_CALLER.md)
- 🔊 [**Audio Alert**](docs/plugins/AUDIO_ALERT.md)
- 💬 [**Discord Webhook**](docs/plugins/DISCORD_WEBHOOK.md)

</td>
<td width="33%" valign="top">

### 🛠️ Advanced
- 🧩 [**Plugin Development**](docs/PLUGIN_DEVELOPMENT.md)
- ⚙️ [**Configuration**](docs/CONFIGURATION.md)
- 🔧 [**Troubleshooting**](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md)

</td>
</tr>
</table>

---

## 💡 LED Controller Plugin

<details>
<summary><b>Control smart LED devices with trigger-on-message support</b> → <a href="docs/plugins/LED_CONTROLLER.md">Full Guide</a></summary>

### Supported Devices
- **WLED** — WiFi-enabled LED controllers
- **Govee** — Cloud-based smart lighting (requires API key)
- **Philips Hue** — Zigbee bridge-based smart bulbs

### Actions
- **On/Off** — Simple power control
- **Color** — RGB color picker with hex preview
- **Effect** — WLED animated effects (0–255)
- **Preset** — WLED saved presets (0–255)
- **Scene** — Govee predefined scenes (0–50)
- **Brightness** — Intensity control (WLED: 0–255, Govee: 0–100%)

### Configuration
Each device type requires specific credentials:
- **WLED**: Device IP address
- **Govee**: API key, device ID, device model
- **Philips Hue**: Bridge IP, bridge username

See the [LED Plugin Guide](docs/plugins/LED_CONTROLLER.md) for detailed setup instructions and troubleshooting.

</details>

---

## ⚙️ Configuration

<details>
<summary><b>All settings are stored in <code>config.json</code> (auto-created on first launch)</b></summary>

### 📱 Telegram Settings
- Bot token and chat ID (configured via Settings dialog)
- Polling rate (seconds between checks)
- Keyword filter toggle and keyword

### 💡 LED Settings
- Device type (WLED/Govee/Hue)
- Device credentials (IP/API keys/bridge info)
- Default action and parameters (color, effect, preset, scene, brightness)

### ✏️ Editing Config
| Method | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| **✅ Recommended** | Use the in-app Settings dialog and plugin UIs |
| **📝 Manual** | Edit `config.json` directly (close app first to avoid overwrites) |
| **🔄 Reset** | Delete `config.json` to restore defaults |
| **📄 Template** | `config.example.json` is provided; copy to `config.json` if needed |

### 🔧 Feature Toggles
- `show_example_plugins` — show/hide example plugins in sidebar
- `plugin_enabled_<PluginName>` — per-plugin enable/disable state

> 💡 **See the [Configuration Guide](docs/CONFIGURATION.md)** for the complete `config.json` schema and field descriptions.

</details>

---

## 📁 Project Structure

<details>
<summary><b>Click to view folder layout</b></summary>

```
RustPlusRaidAlarms/
├── main.py                    # App shell, plugin loader, dark theme
├── telegram_service.py        # Telegram polling with auto-retry
├── plugin_base.py             # Abstract plugin base class
├── config.json                # Auto-generated config [gitignored]
├── config.example.json        # Template config file
├── requirements.txt           # Python dependencies
│
├── plugins/
│   ├── led_plugin/            # 💡 LED controller (WLED/Govee/Hue)
│   ├── rust_connect.py        # 🎮 Rust auto-connect
│   ├── twilio_plugin/         # 📞 Twilio phone calls
│   ├── audio_alert.py         # 🔊 Custom sound alerts
│   ├── discord_webhook.py     # 💬 Discord notifications
│   ├── example_plugin/        # Development template (package)
│   └── simple_example.py      # Development template (single-file)
│
└── docs/
    ├── TELEGRAM_SETUP.md      # Bot creation with video guides
    ├── IFTTT_RUST_SETUP.md    # IFTTT + Rust+ integration
    ├── PLUGIN_DEVELOPMENT.md  # Plugin API and creation guide
    ├── CONFIGURATION.md       # config.json schema
    ├── TROUBLESHOOTING.md     # Common issues
    └── plugins/               # Individual plugin guides
        ├── LED_CONTROLLER.md
        ├── RUST_CONNECT.md
        ├── TWILIO_CALLER.md
        ├── AUDIO_ALERT.md
        └── DISCORD_WEBHOOK.md
```

</details>

---

## 🤝 Contributing

<details>
<summary><b>Contributions are welcome! Here's how you can help</b></summary>

### 🔌 Adding Plugins
1. Create your plugin in `plugins/your_plugin/` or `plugins/your_plugin.py`
2. Inherit from `PluginBase` and implement required methods
3. Test using the app's plugin auto-reload (no restart needed)
4. See **[Plugin Development Guide](docs/PLUGIN_DEVELOPMENT.md)** for API details

### 📝 Code Guidelines
- ✅ Keep plugin code within plugin widgets—avoid modifying core files
- 🎨 Follow the existing dark theme styling patterns (see `main.py` CSS)
- 💾 Use `config` dict for persistence (auto-saved/merged)
- 📦 Add dependencies to `requirements.txt` if needed

### 🚀 Submitting Changes
- ✔️ Test your changes thoroughly (LED devices, Telegram, plugin loading)
- 📖 Include documentation updates if adding features
- 💬 Create descriptive commit messages
- 🔀 Open a pull request with a clear description
- 🐛 Use the GitHub issue templates for bugs/feature requests

</details>

---

## 🐛 Bug Reports & Support

<details>
<summary><b>Need help? Here's how to get support</b></summary>

### Before Reporting
1. ✅ Check the **[Troubleshooting Guide](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md)** first
2. ✅ Search existing GitHub issues

### Bug Report Checklist
- 🖥️ OS and Python version
- ❌ Error messages (full traceback)
- 🔄 Steps to reproduce
- ⚙️ Relevant `config.json` snippets (redact tokens/IDs!)

### Feature Requests
Use the GitHub issue templates to ensure all required details are included!

</details>

---

<div align="center">

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License** - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

Built with ❤️ using:
- [**PySide6**](https://pypi.org/project/PySide6/) (Qt for Python)
- [**python-telegram-bot**](https://python-telegram-bot.org/) (Telegram Bot API)
- Designed for [**Rust**](https://rust.facepunch.com/) server monitoring via [**Rust+**](https://rust.facepunch.com/companion) and [**IFTTT**](https://ifttt.com)

---

**⭐ If this project helped you defend your base, give it a star!**

[Report Bug](https://github.com/eman225511/RustPlusRaidAlarms/issues) • [Request Feature](https://github.com/eman225511/RustPlusRaidAlarms/issues) • [Documentation](docs/)

</div>

### Bug Reports
- Check [Troubleshooting Guide](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md) first
- Include: OS, Python version, error messages, steps to reproduce
- Share relevant `config.json` snippets (redact tokens/IDs)
- File issues via the GitHub bug/feature templates to ensure required details are included
