docs/PLUGIN_DEVELOPMENT.md, before:

# Plugin Development Guide

This app discovers plugins from the `plugins/` folder automatically. Drop in a Python file or a package (folder with `__init__.py`) and it will be picked up at runtime—no manual imports required.

## Plugin contract
- Implement a class named `Plugin` that inherits from `plugin_base.PluginBase`.
- Required methods:
  - `get_name(self) -> str`: Display name for the sidebar.
  - `get_icon(self) -> str`: Small emoji/text icon shown beside the name.
  - `get_description(self) -> str`: Short description.
  - `get_widget(self) -> QWidget`: Returns your plugin's root widget (build lazily and cache it).
  - `on_telegram_message(self, message: str)`: Called for every Telegram message that passes filters.

## Auto-discovery
- Plugins live under `plugins/`.
- Single file: `plugins/foo.py` with class `Plugin`.
- Package: `plugins/foo/__init__.py` with class `Plugin`.
- The app scans every ~5 seconds and loads new plugins without restart.
- The module name is `plugins.<folder or filename>`; use relative imports inside packages (e.g., `from .utils import helper`).

## Styling guidance
- The app applies a global dark theme. Use lightweight, semantic widgets and avoid hard-coded colors when possible.
- For card-like sections, set `QFrame` objectName to `"card"` or `"heroCard"` to inherit the main styles.
- Prefer `QVBoxLayout` / `QHBoxLayout` with `setContentsMargins` and `setSpacing` for tidy spacing.
- Fonts: use `QFont("Segoe UI", size, weight)` for consistency.
- Buttons: minimum height ~36–42px feels good; rely on inherited palette rather than custom colors unless needed.

## Config and state
- `self.config` is a shared dict persisted by the main app.
- Read defaults with `self.config.get("key", default)`.
- Update values in your UI handlers, then call `self.config[...] = value`; the app persists on save (or you can call main `save_config` if exposed). The example plugin shows inline persistence.

## Telegram hook
- `on_telegram_message(self, message: str)` is invoked on every incoming Telegram message (post-filter). Use it to trigger actions. Keep handlers fast; offload long work to threads if needed.

## Example walkthrough
See `plugins/example_plugin/__init__.py` for a compact reference including:
- Building a card UI with title, subtitle, and controls.
- Reading/saving a text setting to `self.config`.
- Showing a `QMessageBox`.
- Reacting to Telegram messages.

## Minimal skeleton
```python
from plugin_base import PluginBase
from PySide6.QtWidgets import QWidget

class Plugin(PluginBase):
    def __init__(self, telegram_service, config):
        super().__init__(telegram_service, config)
        self.widget = None

    def get_name(self):
        return "My Plugin"

    def get_icon(self):
        return "🧩"

    def get_description(self):
        return "Does something cool"

    def get_widget(self) -> QWidget:
        if self.widget is None:
            self.widget = QWidget()  # build your UI here
        return self.widget

    def on_telegram_message(self, message: str):
        print(f"Got message: {message}")
```

## Common tips
- Use relative imports inside plugin packages to avoid import errors.
- Guard long-running work; keep UI responsive.
- Log with `print(...)` for quick debugging; the main log captures stdout.
- If you add external dependencies, document them; the app does not auto-install extras.

Commit message:

Add docs, issue templates, plugin, and UI improvements
Added comprehensive documentation for configuration, IFTTT/Rust+ setup, LED plugin, plugin development, and Telegram setup. Introduced GitHub issue templates for bugs, features, and plugin requests. Renamed config.json to config.example.json and updated schema. Added LICENSE file. Enhanced README with detailed features, setup, and plugin info. Added a simple example plugin. Improved main.py with draggable tab buttons, per-plugin enable/disable, and UI enhancements. Updated LED plugin and plugin development docs for clarity and advanced usage.

docs/PLUGIN_DEVELOPMENT.md, after:

# Plugin Development Guide

This app discovers plugins from the `plugins/` folder automatically. Drop in a Python file or a package (folder with `__init__.py`) and it will be picked up at runtime—no manual imports required.

## Plugin contract
- Implement a class named `Plugin` that inherits from `plugin_base.PluginBase`.
- Required methods:
  - `get_name(self) -> str`: Display name for the sidebar.
  - `get_icon(self) -> str`: Small emoji/text icon shown beside the name.
  - `get_description(self) -> str`: Short description.
  - `get_widget(self) -> QWidget`: Returns your plugin's root widget (build lazily and cache it).
  - `on_telegram_message(self, message: str)`: Called for every Telegram message that passes filters.

## Auto-discovery
- Plugins live under `plugins/`.
- Single file: `plugins/foo.py` with class `Plugin`.
- Package: `plugins/foo/__init__.py` with class `Plugin`.
- The app scans every ~5 seconds and loads new plugins without restart.
- The module name is `plugins.<folder or filename>`; use relative imports inside packages (e.g., `from .utils import helper`).

## Styling guidance
- The app applies a global dark theme. Use lightweight, semantic widgets and avoid hard-coded colors when possible.
- For card-like sections, set `QFrame` objectName to `"card"` or `"heroCard"` to inherit the main styles.
- Prefer `QVBoxLayout` / `QHBoxLayout` with `setContentsMargins` and `setSpacing` for tidy spacing.
- Fonts: use `QFont("Segoe UI", size, weight)` for consistency.
- Buttons: minimum height ~36–42px feels good; rely on inherited palette rather than custom colors unless needed.

## Config and state
- `self.config` is a shared dict persisted by the main app.
- Read defaults with `self.config.get("key", default)`.
- Update values in your UI handlers, then call `self.config[...] = value`; the app persists on save (or you can call main `save_config` if exposed). The example plugin shows inline persistence.
- Per-plugin enable/disable: the main UI has a checkbox beside each plugin; users can turn your plugin off without removing it.
- Example plugins visibility: hidden by default; users must enable "Show Example Plugins (For Devs)" to see them.

## Telegram hook
- `on_telegram_message(self, message: str)` is invoked on every incoming Telegram message (post-filter). Use it to trigger actions. Keep handlers fast; offload long work to threads if needed.

## Example walkthrough

### Package-based Plugin (Advanced)
See `plugins/example_plugin/__init__.py` for a full-featured reference including:
- Hero card UI with title and subtitle
- Reading/saving text settings to `self.config`
- Showing `QMessageBox` dialogs
- Reacting to Telegram messages with hooks
- Status labels and user feedback
- Multiple UI cards and sections

### Single-file Plugin (Simple)
See `plugins/simple_example.py` for a minimal single-file example including:
- Basic card UI with title and subtitle
- Click counter with config persistence
- Name input field with save functionality
- Simple button interactions
- Reacting to Telegram messages

**Note**: Example plugins are hidden by default. Enable "Show Example Plugins (For Devs)" in the navigation sidebar to view them.

## Minimal skeleton
```python
from plugin_base import PluginBase
from PySide6.QtWidgets import QWidget

class Plugin(PluginBase):
    def __init__(self, telegram_service, config):
        super().__init__(telegram_service, config)
        self.widget = None

    def get_name(self):
        return "My Plugin"

    def get_icon(self):
        return "🧩"

    def get_description(self):
        return "Does something cool"

    def get_widget(self) -> QWidget:
        if self.widget is None:
            self.widget = QWidget()  # build your UI here
        return self.widget

    def on_telegram_message(self, message: str):
        print(f"Got message: {message}")
```

## Common tips
- Use relative imports inside plugin packages to avoid import errors.
- Guard long-running work; keep UI responsive.
- Log with `print(...)` for quick debugging; the main log captures stdout.
- If you add external dependencies, document them; the app does not auto-install extras.
